README.md, before:

## Learning Service

A service to learn about [Olas](https://olas.network/) agents and [Open Autonomy](https://github.com/valory-xyz/open-autonomy).


## System requirements

- Python `>=3.10`
- [Tendermint](https://docs.tendermint.com/v0.34/introduction/install.html) `==0.34.19`
- [IPFS node](https://docs.ipfs.io/install/command-line/#official-distributions) `==0.6.0`
- [Pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/)
- [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/)
- [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- [Set Docker permissions so you can run containers as non-root user](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/)


## Run you own agent

### Get the code

1. Clone this repo:

    ```
    git clone git@github.com:valory-xyz/academy-learning-service.git
    ```

2. Create the virtual environment:

    ```
    cd academy-learning-service
    poetry shell
    poetry install
    ```

3. Sync packages:

    ```
    autonomy packages sync --update-packages
    ```

### Prepare the data

1. Prepare a keys.json file containing wallet address and the private key for each of the four agents.

    ```
    autonomy generate-key ethereum -n 4
    ```

2. Prepare a `ethereum_private_key.txt` file containing one of the private keys from `keys.json`. Ensure that there is no newline at the end.

3. Deploy two [Safes on Gnosis](https://app.safe.global/welcome) (it's free) and set your agent addresses as signers. Set the signature threshold to 1 out of 4 for one of them and and to 3 out of 4 for the other. This way we can use the single-signer one for testing without running all the agents, and leave the other safe for running the whole service.

4. Create a [Tenderly](https://tenderly.co/) account and from your dashboard create a fork of Gnosis chain (virtual testnet).

5. From Tenderly, fund your agents and Safe with some xDAI and OLAS (`0xcE11e14225575945b8E6Dc0D4F2dD4C570f79d9f`).

6. Make a copy of the env file:

    ```
    cp sample.env .env
    ```

7. Fill in the required environment variables in .env. These variables are:
- `ALL_PARTICIPANTS`: a list of your agent addresses. This will vary depending on whether you are running a single agent (`run_agent.sh` script) or the whole 4-agent service (`run_service.sh`)
- `GNOSIS_LEDGER_RPC`: set it to your Tenderly fork Admin RPC.
- `COINGECKO_API_KEY`: you will need to get a free [Coingecko](https://www.coingecko.com/) API key.
- `TRANSFER_TARGET_ADDRESS`: any random address to send funds to, can be any of the agents for example.
- `SAFE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS_SINGLE`: the 1 out of 4 agents Safe address.
- `SAFE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS`: the 3 out of 4 Safe address.


### Run a single agent locally

1. Verify that `ALL_PARTICIPANTS` in `.env` contains only 1 address.

2. Run the agent:

    ```
    bash run_agent.sh
    ```

### Run the service (4 agents) via Docker Compose deployment

1. Verify that `ALL_PARTICIPANTS` in `.env` contains 4 address.

2. Check that Docker is running:

    ```
    docker
    ```

3. Run the service:

    ```
    bash run_service.sh
    ```

4. Look at the service logs for one of the agents (on another terminal):

    ```
    docker logs -f learningservice_abci_0
    ```

Commit message:

add Real Estate Invesment Assistant.

README.md, after:

## Real Estate Investment Assistant

A service to assist you for your real estate invesments. Giving the desired city, address or region, it retrieves that property data from a Real Estate API and then with the help of LLM models it gives insights if that property is worth investing. If yes, it sends the deposit of this property to house owner and registers itself with the house data into the Property Registry contract. If according to LLM it is not a valuable invesment, then tx does not happen. 

## Flow 

![Alt text](./flow.jpg)

## System requirements

- Python `>=3.10`
- [Tendermint](https://docs.tendermint.com/v0.34/introduction/install.html) `==0.34.19`
- [IPFS node](https://docs.ipfs.io/install/command-line/#official-distributions) `==0.6.0`
- [Pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/)
- [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/)
- [Docker Engine](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)
- [Set Docker permissions so you can run containers as non-root user](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/linux-postinstall/)


## Run you own agent

### Get the code

1. Clone this repo:

    ```
    git clone git@github.com:valory-xyz/academy-learning-service.git
    cd academy-learning-service
    git checkout session8/project
    ```

2. Create the virtual environment:

    ```
    poetry shell
    poetry install
    ```

3. Sync packages:

    ```
    autonomy packages sync --update-packages
    ```

### Prepare the data

1. Prepare a keys.json file containing wallet address and the private key for each of the four agents.

    ```
    autonomy generate-key ethereum -n 4
    ```

2. Prepare a `ethereum_private_key.txt` file containing one of the private keys from `keys.json`. Ensure that there is no newline at the end.

3. Deploy two [Safes on Gnosis](https://app.safe.global/welcome) (it's free) and set your agent addresses as signers. Set the signature threshold to 1 out of 4 for one of them and and to 3 out of 4 for the other. This way we can use the single-signer one for testing without running all the agents, and leave the other safe for running the whole service.

4. Create a [Tenderly](https://tenderly.co/) account and from your dashboard create a fork of Gnosis chain (virtual testnet).

5. From Tenderly, fund your agents and Safe with some xDAI and OLAS (`0xcE11e14225575945b8E6Dc0D4F2dD4C570f79d9f`).

6. Deploy the PropertyRegistry contract in `packages/valory/contracts/property_registry/PropertyRegistry.sol` on Gnosis.

6. Make a copy of the env file:

    ```
    cp sample.env .env
    ```

7. Fill in the required environment variables in .env. These variables are:
- `ALL_PARTICIPANTS`: a list of your agent addresses. This will vary depending on whether you are running a single agent (`run_agent.sh` script) or the whole 4-agent service (`run_service.sh`)
- `GNOSIS_LEDGER_RPC`: set it to your Tenderly fork Admin RPC.
- `COINGECKO_API_KEY`: you will need to get a free [Coingecko](https://www.coingecko.com/) API key.
- `TRANSFER_TARGET_ADDRESS`: any random address to send funds to, can be any of the agents for example.
- `SAFE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS_SINGLE`: the 1 out of 4 agents Safe address.
- `SAFE_CONTRACT_ADDRESS`: the 3 out of 4 Safe address.
- `COINMARKETCAP_API_KEY`: API KEY for Coinmarketcap.
- `ARLI_API_KEY`: API KEY for Arli which allows us to choose desired LLM model.
- `RENTCAST_API_KEY`: API KEY for Rentcast which serves us a huge amount of real estate data.

### Run a single agent locally

1. Verify that `ALL_PARTICIPANTS` in `.env` contains only 1 address.

2. Run the agent:

    ```
    bash run_agent.sh
    ```

### Run the service (4 agents) via Docker Compose deployment

1. Verify that `ALL_PARTICIPANTS` in `.env` contains 4 address.

2. Check that Docker is running:

    ```
    docker
    ```

3. Run the service:

    ```
    bash run_service.sh
    ```

4. Look at the service logs for one of the agents (on another terminal):

    ```
    docker logs -f learningservice_abci_0
    ```
